NAMESPACE       NAME      READY   STATUS             RESTARTS       AGE
a-nabixojayev   busybox   0/1     CrashLoopBackOff   5 (2m3s ago)   5m11s
a-nabixojayev   nginx1    1/1     Running            0              14m
a-nabixojayev   nginx2    1/1     Running            0              14m
a-yoldoshov     nginx1    1/1     Running            0              10m
a-yoldoshov     nginx2    1/1     Running            0              9m51s
f-sadatov       nginx1    1/1     Running            0              14m
f-sadatov       nginx2    1/1     Running            0              12m
i-abdullayev    nginx1    1/1     Running            0              12m
i-abdullayev    nginx2    1/1     Running            0              12m
j-jumanazarov   nginx1    1/1     Running            0              16s
j-jumanazarov   nginx2    1/1     Running            0              11s
m-shukurjonov   nginx1    1/1     Running            0              21m
m-shukurjonov   nginx2    1/1     Running            0              17m
o-toshev        nginx1    1/1     Running            0              21m
o-toshev        nginx2    1/1     Running            0              21m
r-shokirov      nginx1    1/1     Running            0              2m1s
x-sagatov       nginx1    1/1     Running            0              10m
x-sagatov       nginx2    1/1     Running            0              10m
x-umarov        nginx1    0/1     CrashLoopBackOff   11 (62s ago)   32m
x-umarov        nginx2    0/1     CrashLoopBackOff   11 (22s ago)   31m
z-abduvohidov   nginx1    1/1     Running            0              22m
